[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Welcome to "Open Minds."
We have a completely
different kind of show today.
Here with me is Sheila
Gillette and her husband Marcus
Gillette, and we're going
to be bringing the Theo
group in live.
And we have a live
studio audience, as well.
And beyond that, we have no
idea what's going to happen.
And I think, before we even
begin-- first of all, I
want to say welcome, Marcus.
Last time you
weren't here with us.
But when you and Sheila are
doing your own channelings
with the public, you're
the one that's moderating.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
I have your job.
>>REGINA: You have my job.
So today, I'm going to be
tossing a lot of that job
over to you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: OK.
And so between now and
then, what we'll do
is just chat a little bit and
introduce the subject at hand.
Because we're going to be
talking about reincarnation,
and soul contracts, and
patterns within families,
and soul groups.
Right?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: We are.
>>REGINA: And you
have done this before.
Correct?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: We have.
>>REGINA: And so give us
a little bit of an idea.
You can speak, Sheila.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: I know.
>>REGINA: Before
you're wiped out,
and we don't get
to hear from you.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Oh, well, you
definitely get to hear from me.
Yeah.
You know, we've talked a
lot about soul contracts.
And so has Theo, about
groups incarnating together
to support each other's growth.
And so that's an
exciting conversation.
Because so many
people ask, you know,
I don't feel like I'm
part of my family.
in sync with anybody.
But Theo talks
about soul family,
which can be more than our
physical nuclear family.
And that we need those
people along our path,
because of that group energy
of deciding, if you go,
I'll go-- that type of things.
So it's always
interesting to know
that it's a bigger, broader
spectrum of connectivity
than we think of when we
think of just our third
physical reality, and
that we're in this family,
and that's all there is.
>>REGINA: Right.
And it seems to me--
and tell me what
you think about this,
Marcus-- that it's almost,
like, everybody you run
into now, it's like,
oh God, I've known you before.
Oh, you too.
It's like you
can't escape family
from so many past
experiences together.
It's almost as though
it's a culmination
point where a lot of the
people we're drawing in,
we already know now.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
Well, it's a vibration.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
It's an energy.
You meet somebody,
and it's, like,
where've you been all my life?
And it's such a great
feeling when that happens.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Because
we-- Theo talks about the fact
that we're weeding the
garden of our life right now.
We're in this fifth
dimensionary energy.
It's a higher frequency.
And relationships that don't
have that connection just
aren't fulfilling.
>>REGINA: Maybe they're there.
Maybe we're meeting
the other people,
but we're walking
right past each other.
Because we don't even see
each other, in a sense.
There's no resonance.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Right.
>>REGINA: So the
recognition isn't there.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
Theo often says,
how many people in a
lifetime do you meet
that you crossed paths with?
Tens of thousands.
Especially if you go to
concerts, and games, and things
like that.
You're always meeting people
and connecting with people,
or just passing
them on the street.
How many people do you
truly connect with?
And when we connect
with somebody,
you know that true saying
about the eyes of the soul.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: It's
kind of like in "Avatar,"
the movie-- I see you.
It's that kind of
sensitivity that we get.
and if we have an emotional
response to that meeting,
whether it's
positive or negative,
we can be assured that we
have known that person before
and will interact
with them again.
I've met people on the
streets of New York when
I've been there working.
I met this one woman,
for an example,
where I passed her on the
street in Greenwich Village.
I was staying there as I
was working with clients.
I took note of her.
I looked at her.
I remembered she
had riding clothes
on-- horseback riding clothes.
And she had two big black
dogs she was walking.
And I went, oh,
that's interesting.
And I'd had enough
experience to go,
I may see this person again.
Three years later--
knock, knock,
knock at the door of where I was
staying to do private readings.
It was that woman.
I know you described
her completely,
and she lived on the street
that I walked past her on,
and she registered.
And we all have those
kinds of experience,
where people register with us.
And then later on, show up
in our life at some time.
And it's all timing.
There's just these
connections that we have,
energetically,
that we don't see,
that people come into our
lives at the right time.
>>REGINA: But we can feel them.
We can feel them.
There is that recognition
and resonance,
like, you don't have to
have a definition for it.
Just, I notice you.
I see you.
And at the same time,
often, we do not
have resonance
with our own family
members, which is why we're
talking about this today, too.
Because those are
the painful ones.
Why did we choose
to do this together?
And what is there to learn?
And so Theo is going to get
into a lot of that, as well.
And I just want the
audience to know
that if you're called upon,
or if you ask a question,
it really can be on any
of those levels involved.
OK?
So in a moment, you're
going to say bye-bye to us.
You'll go away and the Theo
group will come through.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK, you're
comfortable with that?
And we don't know
what's going to happen.
We have our cameras
and our lights
set up for a nice, tidy
little conversation.
But Theo may sprint
across the studio,
and you may be out the door.
[LAUGHTER]
So we'll just see what happens,
and play it by ear that way,
OK?
So why don't you go
ahead and do your thing,
and recede, and allow
Theo to come forward.
OK?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
Are we all already?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: All right.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Do you
want to talk a little bit
about what happens?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Well, what
happens is, I'll close my eyes.
I'll take a few
deep breaths, which
allows me to relax and let go.
And if you want to do the
same-- because I know we
all get a little tense when
we're in this situation.
And then I'll allow
Theo to come through.
I invite Theo to come in,
and then they'll speak first.
They'll say this is the
beginning, is it not?
That's how it's always started.
And then they're
off and running.
So we'll see what they
have to say to us.
>>REGINA: And will Theo let
us know, then, whether or not
they wish to call
upon people, or would
like people to raise their
hand and volunteer questions?
They'll let us know, right?
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: They will.
>>REGINA: OK.
Good.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: We'll
pretty much just guide them
to picking--
>>REGINA: OK, that sounds good.
And then you're going
to moderate that part.
But I may chime in, and say, but
wait, I have a question, too.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: What is this
do you think it's your show?
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I just have
a question or two.
[LAUGHTER]
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: You
always have good questions.
OK.
Here we go.
>>THEO: It is the
beginning, is it not?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: It is.
Welcome, Theo.
>>THEO: We are appreciative
of the opportunity
to be of service unto you.
You may ask.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
Well, Theo, as you know,
we're talking about
reincarnation and soul family
contracts.
How would you like to
begin our dialogue?
>>THEO: The
multi-dimensionality of the soul
is what you wish to speak about.
That this earthly
plane but one choice
of experience for a soul,
choosing this human experience
is that of emotions.
And the interaction
of each other that
teaches the emotional balance
that occurs out of love.
And bringing it forward
into present incarnation,
and that sense of wholeness
and divinity that you are,
a recognition of
masterhood is at hand.
The fifth dimensionary
energy is fully in place now,
for that fuller
expression and experience.
And the souls here, in
choosing to be participating,
have allowed that frequency
to permeate to allow
the masterhood to come forth.
By choosing incarnation,
there is a choice,
with groups incarnating together
to support each other's growth.
Challenging at times, which
is the greatest teacher.
Yes?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Indeed.
>>THEO: There is an asking?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: You talk
about the process of birth
to birth.
Not birth to death,
but birth to birth--
birthing into a new
experience after we
leave the physical body.
Bring us, kind of full
circle, to that point
in time-- of course,
there's no time
at that point-- where
souls gather in spirit,
and actually start
to determine what's
going to happen in this
next upcoming incarnation.
>>THEO: Souls in
alignment, as we
would call soul family, on the
same vibrational frequency,
have interaction with others
lifetime after lifetime,
and that support, and choosing
times of change of which they
all have interest in the
sense of the evolution
of consciousness that is now.
That choosing a particular
time, vibrationally,
occurs in an agreement.
It is not sitting about
a conference room,
as one might perceive it.
But you could, if you wished
in your conscious mind,
if that's comfortable.
For the conscious mind has not
a picture of what it looks like.
For it is a vibrational
connectivity
that is always communicating.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: I think we
have had this notion, Theo,
that souls-- and we've even
heard this-- that souls really
treasure the human experience.
So this is a very
popular choice for souls.
Can you speak to that please?
>>THEO: The Earth is a
beautiful place to experience.
A place of finite
human experience
in a physical structure,
that interacts with others
through the emotional
experiences with them, that
is exquisite learning, that
has the ability to show love,
to experience love physically,
mentally, and spiritually.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: And what's
the main purpose for choosing
a human incarnation?
>>THEO: The beauty
of that experience.
Emotional learning-- the
different aspects of emotions.
It's quite a
spectrum, is it not?
>>REGINA: I have a
question relating
to that, which is, are
there many other planets--
in other places,
dimensions, and such--
where this same
opportunity is given?
Or is Earth among
maybe only a handful
where that express
lesson is offered?
>>THEO: There are
billions of choices,
similar to the Earthly
plane, in which
a soul can choose to incarnate.
There is but a small number of
those in which the learning is
emotionally based.
>>REGINA: Are there
some types of cultures,
off-planet cultures,
that may be very highly
advanced intellectually,
and so forth,
that maybe begin choosing to
learn this aspect of life,
individually or collectively?
What I'm saying is, if you
have a very advanced culture,
say technologically
or intellectually,
do they sometimes
en masse choose
to start bringing in
a new kind of emotion
and having this experience
we're having on Earth?
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>THEO: And they've been
seen by some, yes-- that are
observational, at this point.
And know, on the soul
level, that each of you
has a choice to be in
their environment, as well.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Well, how do you feel,
Marcus, about getting what you
were-- what you wanted to say?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: I
have one quick thought.
And so Theo, Earth
is what you have
said many times-- the
place we incarnate
to experience emotions.
What I'm hearing you say now is
that there are other planetary
or dimensional experiences
that, indeed, do also
experience emotions?
>>THEO: They experience
some of them, yes.
The Earth experiences the
whole spectrum, you see.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Right.
>>THEO: We call it
the physical body.
There is, from the
third dimension,
the physical reality which
first ones delve into,
that have particular
densities to them, that
has had the default to fear.
However, now there's
a shift and change
in the neural pathways
in the human experience
in the body that is occurring.
So that is not the default.
The default can go to the higher
levels of experience of love.
So it's been a process, you see,
as the physical bodies align
to a higher vibrational
frequency, of which we
call the fifth
dimension now, which
allows the soul the
experience of expansion,
knowing that, that
which is within you
is greater than that which
is your body, or outside you.
And to have that realization.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
Very interesting.
And would you like to select
an audience member now,
Theo, to come sit with you?
>>THEO: Yes.
There are many who
are asking, we hear.
This one.
>>AUDIENCE: Hello, Theo.
>>THEO: We are appreciative
of the opportunity
to be of service unto you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: You may ask.
>>AUDIENCE: I suppose
the question I have is
that, through conditioning
of our family groups
and our units that we may
not feel that vibration
and connection with, we're
trained, or untrained,
to be in acceptance.
Or we have broken relationships.
And I think a lot of
us-- or I, personally--
have focused a lot of effort
on healing relationships,
then that feels like
it's not progressing.
Or that it may be
progressing, but it's never
actually concluding.
And my end goal
for that healing is
that I want to
live in acceptance
and I want to be in a
vibrational place that
allows in.
But I feel cut off
by my relationships.
>>THEO: Cutting off,
particularly in your family
relationships, have been
so in the sense of not
being heard or understood.
Yes?
Not speaking the same
language, you might say.
For there is, as you wish
to expand in your spirit,
there is a lack of
acceptance for that,
because of the
rigidity that is there.
So it has separated you as
you tried to speak about it
and to share the
information that you know.
It is held in negative thought.
And in fact, you feel judged and
set apart from not being heard.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>THEO: First off, these family
members are not soul family.
You're not on the
same frequency,
so they will never
understand you.
So knowing this, in
trying to convert them
to your way of thinking,
will only bring heartache.
You've already found that.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: So you are
seeking those whom
have the same frequencies as
you, and you are meeting them.
Few in number, but
with great depth.
So you do have a family.
However, your genetic family--
you can love them as they
are, with the calmness
and understanding
that they're not
going to change,
releasing that expectation.
You came in as a way
shower in that group,
of a new way of being that is
being birthed on this planet.
Now you are a participant
in the energy, as well as
a facilitator.
And the loneliness
that you have felt,
is because of that leadership,
or way shower opportunity,
that your soul has chosen.
It's a new paradigm, you see.
The judgment brings you sadness.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: And the
expectation of being
loved unmet in the unconditional
love that you desire.
It will come from others.
They love you as they can,
the best that they can,
with the knowledge that
they have presently.
If you think, and your
particularly-- both the mother
and the father, but the
father is very rigid--
that brings sadness.
And he needs it the
most, in your perception.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>THEO: Your closed heart.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: When he ages, when
he's older than he is now,
his heart will open
and you'll find
quite pleasurable conversation.
But it will be a few years.
But what you can do now is
know that he doesn't know
how to be different than he is.
It's not that he's refusing it.
That's a difference, isn't it?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Not a refusing.
An unknowing shifts the
energy for your perception.
So you can love him as he
is, not try to convert him.
That's where the energy
becomes conflictual.
Live your life as you live it.
Be the example.
Not the teller or the converter,
but the shower-- the way
shower.
And he will come
to you in his age,
as he ages, and asks you more.
And in his asking,
you can share.
And you will be verified.
Your mother is more accepting,
but she follows the line
that he has set as
the family structure.
And their relationship
is quite bonded,
so she will do whatever he does.
But she will open
sooner than he.
But they love you.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Very much.
>>AUDIENCE: Very much.
>>THEO: And so you have that--
in the best way that they can,
with what they know,
and what they believe.
You have changed beliefs.
You have a broader perspective,
and it will come in time.
So the family that you seek, the
understanding, and the knowing,
and the acceptance that
you desire is coming now,
and it's already begun.
And that is your soul family.
>>AUDIENCE: Will you allow
me one more question?
>>THEO: You may.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
I tend to worry much too much.
Does my soul know best how
to be a leader already?
>>THEO: You are
a leader already.
The worry comes of
how you're going
to express it, more than
the knowing that you are,
and the being heard.
So what you're doing is gaining
the confidence in that knowing.
So look at how far you've come.
The knowing that you already
have is quite profound,
and it is to be shared.
You've already
begun that, as well.
So you make a business plan.
For that is your
business, isn't it?
So you make a business
plan, for it feeds you.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: Do not be off put
by others, who say, ah,
you are a spiritual teacher.
Why do you charge for it?
You're a spiritual leader.
They're paying for your
time and your wisdom.
And if you weren't having
it as this structure,
you would have to have
another job, would you not?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: And that's not
your path or purpose.
So own your power now.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: And the only
question of money
comes from your belief about it.
You are worthy to be
paid for your wisdom.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
I have one question.
Theo, what would be
the higher purpose
of choosing a
physical family that
is not soul family members?
>>THEO: When you are
a teacher, that's
the best place to
begin teaching--
in the very
beginning-- isn't it?
[LAUGHTER]
And learning how
to do the dance,
intuitively, of where
they're ready to hear.
For you can't come to them
at the university level
when they're at the
elementary level.
Yes?
So that is why, in
their asking, when
they begin to ask questions, you
don't give them the whole book.
You give them the first chapter.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>THEO: And it is so.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
Thank you very much.
>>THEO: There is an asking.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Who
would you like to pick?
>>THEO: This one.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
Along with Marcus's question
of genetic versus soul family--
people choose genetic families
because the genetic families
provide the pressure
that enables someone
to grow, and mature, and develop
their own sense of soulness,
I guess.
So that when they go out in the
world, what happens around them
doesn't really affect them.
>>THEO: To some degree
you are correct.
We speak only of that which
is your experience, where
it has been quite off-putting.
and judgmental.
So you, on your own way, has
been a warrior in that field.
And coming from the arena
in which you come from,
very staid and political.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes,
very judgmental.
Very harsh.
>>THEO: Political.
Yes.
And one must adhere
to the rules.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: And if one varies
it any way, shape, or form,
then there is a separation.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Or threat of.
>>THEO: So what it
has to you, in being
that way shower
that you have been,
has had the pain of the
being ostracized and judged
for the knowing that you
have, which was quite strong.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, it's
been very painful.
And then I finally
just decided--
and just breathing
into the future.
And the less I care
about that over here,
the more-- it's like the
universe is just throwing
me people and situations.
>>THEO: Ah, that is what
we speak about, isn't it?
Soul family comes
forward when there
is less attachment to
acceptance in genetic family
in which one does not resonate.
But there's still
the desire of love.
It is natural to an individual
from family, parents, siblings.
That need for love is
the human experience.
So what you're recognizing
is the loving of self
allows for that love to be
experienced, to whatever degree
that it can be given, without
resistance or judgment.
So what you have done, when
you release that caring,
and love the self enough to
allow the release of caring,
you can accept what is
there, as it is, with joy.
And bring in the
love of soul family
and the outer connections now.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
So do you have any information
on the procession of that,
that I'm engaging in now?
Just keep going?
>>THEO: That is what
life is, isn't it?
[LAUGHTER]
You've chosen to be here.
The expansion is now.
>>AUDIENCE: I just feel
like, sometimes, things
are so complicated.
And it doesn't need
to be, does it?
>>THEO: It is not complicated.
It is your intellect,
because you
are so bright and intelligent,
that complicates it.
Be in the center of your soul.
It is what your
mind does with it--
the what ifs, the judgments,
the analyzation that
seems complicated.
So when you enter
the heart space,
the center point of
your soul is calm--
that is why meditation
is excellent.
When you are in
that center point,
the allowance of what is to come
in its highest good is there.
And you're experiencing
it, as we speak.
>>AUDIENCE: Do you have
an affirmation for that,
going deep into your soul?
>>THEO: I am the center
point of my soul.
I open and receive
all love that is mine,
inside and outside
my physical being.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you, Theo.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: You
have one follow-up.
>>THEO: You may ask.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
We all want love
from our mothers and fathers.
And when we don't get it,
and our mothers and fathers
pass-- what do our
mothers and fathers-- what
is the realization they
have, and what would they
like to say to their children
after they're in the spirit
world, that they didn't say
to them in this lifetime?
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, you could
use me as an example.
>>THEO: Ah, we will.
>>AUDIENCE: Well, because we've
been doing this for awhile.
>>THEO: The example that you ask
for is your parents love you.
And in this broader perspective,
that just is given now,
and in that sense of love, that
is inexplicable in evolving
into the other dimensional
realm, understanding now, more
than ever before, you--
the acceptance of you,
and the purest of love,
is given unto you.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
For that.
>>THEO: Ah, if they would've
known in their embodiment what
they know now, they would
have acted quite differently.
>>AUDIENCE: So that's sort of--
you're using me as an example.
But that's sort of
universal, isn't it?
>>THEO: It is true for all,
yes, in similar circumstance.
But there's a much
broader perspective
in the
multi-dimensionality realms
than in the earthly,
finite existence.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: There is an asking.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Yes.
Who would you like to pick?
>>THEO: This one.
You asked before, we heard.
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: I would like to ask
about inter-dimensional soul
relationships.
So yourself, Theo, with Sheila--
channelers and their channeled
entities and the relationships
that we're having
on inter-dimensional
soul planes--
>>THEO: To the
guidance of mentors,
that have been
ever-present about each
and every one of you, and the
direct connectivity to them.
I'm to ask in this sitting,
as speaking through another,
such as the Sheila.
Yes?
Your specific question
is about that.
What?
>>AUDIENCE: The significance
of the relationship
between you and Sheila.
And whether that's chosen before
you guys activated together
and she began interacting
with and becoming you,
for her purpose.
>>THEO: There was an
asking of this work
to be done in and through her,
and an acceptance on a soul
level that there would be
this combining of efforts,
you might say.
In the sense of the teaching
and mentorship for the time now,
that is so profound.
So, in essence,
to your question--
there is an agreement that is
made for the allowance of us
to use this physical structure
in such a way to inform.
And each and every one of
you has guidance and mentors,
presence about you, as you open
to that possibility and ask.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: There is a question?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
The effect-- the change
that, for example,
your body or Sheila's
body experiences
when she is in her soul
relationship with Theo,
and how that's altering her.
Because the energy
is so palpable
when you experience being in
the room with a channeler.
So I'm curious what the
conduit effect for you is?
>>THEO: For us entering the
body, or for the body itself?
>>AUDIENCE: For you
entering the body,
I'm probably more curious
about for Sheila, actually.
>>THEO: That is what we thought.
It has been an ongoing
process of adjustment
on a frequency and
a cellular level,
to allow with comfort this
energy to enter the body.
For it's a very high,
powerful electrical input,
you might say, in a
better understanding
of how that can occur.
So there has been an
adjustment over time, ongoing,
to allow more clarity and more
energy to embody, if you would,
a cellular adjustment on a
frequency level that occurs,
for this conjoining of
the physical and us.
And at times, it has been
quite intense for her.
And for others, as well.
But now it seems as
it is easy, because it
has been a great amount of time
of adjustment and fine-tuning.
Nor is it easy at first,
because of resistance.
Not a resistance of
acceptance, but a resistance
energetically to fine-tune
on that cellular level.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
And while we're
talking about frequency scale--
after you're in Sheila's body,
and speaking through her,
what is it that connects you
to the soul of the questioner?
>>THEO: There is a bridge.
There is a key
note to your voice,
that we cross the
bridge into your soul.
And everyone's different
and unique unto them.
So as we hear, your mind thought
has that key note, as well as
the tenor of your voice.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: There is an asking.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: There is.
>>THEO: This one.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: We are
appreciative to serve.
>>AUDIENCE: I'm feeling like
I'm on a precipice in my life
right now, and literally
on the verge of launching
into a different direction.
And part of my
feeling is that I've
spent the last number of years
being quiet, and really doing
my work to connect to
my soul, and connect
to that presence with myself.
And now, as I'm sensing
going out into the world,
I'm almost having this
feeling like my soul
family is shifting.
Part of me is
attached to the old
and at some level I feel
like I'm leaving them behind.
At the same time, I know that
hanging on to that connection
is not good for me.
So can you talk to me a little
bit about that ease, and flow,
and joy?
And it may be not so much
of a transition, but just
the intention of trusting that
everything is as it should be,
and listening to the moment,
and moving forward, and aligning
to the new soul family.
>>THEO: Align to
the new soul family.
However, there's
grief in your heart.
And that's why we're
doing what we're doing.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>THEO: For you are
grieving the change.
And necessary losses in life,
there is always grieving.
Moving out of a
job into a new one
is oftentimes grieving
what could have been,
the fantasy of what
could have been.
But also, a sense that you're
leaving behind many things
of experience.
You carry those forward.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>THEO: You're not
leaving them behind.
They are a part of you, always.
There's great love in that.
So there's some authenticity
in this separation
that is occurring from the
past to the new life that
is emerging.
And we feel this push-pull of
the exhilaration of the new
and the sadness of the past.
You're merging into
the new, as we speak.
Before the end of the year.
It's already begun.
The trajectory of that
is heightened momentum.
>>AUDIENCE: Great.
>>THEO: Using your consciousness
and your communication
in the release of the past.
Relationships are
not ending, they're
metamorphosing into other
things with the blessing
of the learning that has
been for all involved.
The learning is
never only been one.
Each has been a part
of the experience,
and that has been blessed.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Even the difficulties
and the resistances
have been challenging,
but good for worth.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely.
>>THEO: That's where
you learn most.
So acknowledge the
sacredness in that.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: Even though
there is contention.
>>AUDIENCE: And I'm finding,
as you talk about the grief--
that the moment you spoke
about that, somehow the grief
was dominating.
And the next feeling
that flowed in
was the joy of
connecting with the new.
There's not been
very much of that.
>>THEO: Yes.
So what you're
doing is releasing.
And it's all right to grieve.
It's appropriate to do so.
To hold it in would
only make it larger.
>>AUDIENCE: Even for a guy?
>>THEO: Particularly for a guy.
[LAUGHTER]
>>AUDIENCE: Especially.
Right.
>>THEO: Yes.
Because there is appropriate
emotions that can be shown,
and others that cannot.
Because you must
be stoic no longer.
It is important, in
the human lifetime,
to accept and access all of
those emotions for health.
For that which is repressed
will only bring imbalance
to your physical body.
Write down what you're feeling.
Get it out of your body, and
that can be shared later,
when it's appropriate.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: Those feelings-- which
is called conscious separation.
Each have their own feelings
and it will be accepted later.
There is resistance now.
A lot of resistance.
And that's a sadness, yes?
You want friendship,
and ease, and harmony.
>>AUDIENCE: Absolutely, yeah.
>>THEO: Not going to happen.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Nice to have
a heads-up on that.
>>AUDIENCE: Thanks.
>>THEO: So accept what is now.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>THEO: Accept that resistance.
Know it's there, it's not going
to be forever, and continue
to hold the love.
And you're moving into this
greater expanse of who you are.
No beings.
Your life expectancy is 120.
Yes?
You're a different person.
When life expectancy
was 40 years old,
it had a certain time frame
in which you lived your life,
and then you died, and
started new and fresh.
You're starting new and
fresh in the same body.
Do you see?
>>AUDIENCE: I felt that.
Yeah.
>>THEO: So it is not to have
conflict with the change.
It is a death and
birth in the same body.
When we speak of
birth to birth, you're
birthing into a new way
of being for yourself.
You're shedding the
skin of the old self.
The snake that sheds the
skin into the fresh, new skin
does not say, oh, I
need that skin back.
They are happy to be free of it.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>THEO: And can breathe
better, and live better.
And that's what you're
experiencing now.
So you're in this
in-between stage.
And out of this chaos
will come order.
The end of the year
is not that far away
>>AUDIENCE: No.
>>THEO: You've been
in it for a time.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Mm hm.
>>THEO: Just imagine
what 2015 will be.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>THEO: It's not without
challenge or conflict.
It's how you meet it
that will be different.
>>AUDIENCE: So the
tension and the tightness
has been related
to the resistance.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>AUDIENCE: That feeling.
OK.
Because I continually
have the feeling that,
on the other side of this,
and simultaneous with this,
is that sense of presence--
of still ease and flow.
Even though it's a difficulty.
And what's kind of blocked
that up is me being resistant.
>>THEO: Resistance
to the emotion.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: A journalistic form
of writing would be excellent.
Even one sentence can free you.
It's cathartic.
Meditate.
It will give you the
clarity you need.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: There is an asking?
>>AUDIENCE: That's it.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Theo, I
have a quick question,
before we go to the next person,
that is maybe a little more
functional about the process of
leaving a body through our exit
or birth/death, and
then coming back in.
And I know, in some of
the ancient traditions,
they say that often the time and
date roughly that a soul leaves
the body, in another
incarnation they
may come back at roughly that
same time or that same date.
Is there truth in that?
>>THEO: It's possible,
and it has occurred.
Yes.
And there are many who depart
a body on their birth date,
as well.
Not always, but it has happened
in a number of circumstances.
So it is birth to
birth, you see.
We prefer to speak of birth
to birth, than death to birth.
>>REGINA: So it's a
somewhat common phenomenon
to be born/die
into a new reality,
and then be born into
the physical reality
on that same frequency.
>>THEO: Yes.
Or a higher one.
In this case, of the
fifth dimensionary energy,
those coming in embodied now
are coming in, in this higher
frequency, you see.
Not the lower one,
which they left.
But they still have the
resonance, on a soul level,
to all of their experiences.
>>REGINA: So that
might necessitate
choosing a different
kind of date, time,
and imprint, and all.
>>THEO: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: It also
brings up the question, Theo,
of how would you
differentiate between an older
soul and a younger soul?
>>THEO: Life
experience, embodiments.
And we speak of these
delineations of age only
in the human experience.
Because it is attached
to emotional learning.
>>REGINA: So I think,
Marcus, we can still
take one or two more people.
I'm keeping an eye on the clock.
So, Theo--
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
That time thing.
>>THEO: Your linear time.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Our linear time thing.
We are prisoners to this.
>>THEO: Oh, but you are not.
[LAUGHTER]
This one.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Good.
We're getting the guys in.
>>REGINA: I know.
Guys usually don't
raise their hands.
That's great.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you
for this opportunity.
>>THEO: He did not raise--
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: He
didn't raise his hand.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I say
they usually don't.
So it's good he's calling them.
>>AUDIENCE: I lost my mom
about, actually, a year ago--
last October.
And when my father passed, a
number of years prior to that,
I never felt that he
was judging my life.
I now feel that I must have
had a different relationship
with my mom.
And there's times
where I feel at peace
with that-- once they're
on the other side,
there is no judgment--
the way I perceive it.
At times, I still
feel like she's
the mother looking down and
saying, good job, or bad job.
Maybe more bad job, even.
And when we cross over--
I guess my question
is, is judgment really gone?
Is there no longer judgment?
Are they all-knowing,
suddenly, on the other side?
Or why would they
have to come back?
Why would we need to come
back and reincarnate again?
If once we got there--
>>THEO: Because you like this
experience, believe it or not.
The earthly plane is an
exquisite opportunity
of grand growth.
And as to your mother--
she's not judging you.
It is your perception
of her judgment
when she was living,
where she judged a lot.
It's not only you,
but everybody else.
That stemmed from her own
insecurity and lack of love
for herself.
And on some level,
you were aware that.
But it hurt the small child.
For you desired her love.
You felt the love
from your father.
And when he was gone, that
was a great loss to you.
For it was-- he stood
between you and your mother.
He supported you.
And when that was gone, there
was a bunch of fear about, oh,
what I'm going to do now?
There is no shield.
She's not judging
you any longer.
She wishes you to know that
she loves you very much.
She did not know how to love.
She did not love herself.
So she was always comparing
herself to others,
and how she should be.
Not how she should feel.
So she reacted from her
intellect, not her heart.
And the what of others,
what would they think.
So she does know more
now than she did then.
And she's not
judging you at all.
She thinks you're
quite magnificent.
You should've judged her more.
[LAUGHTER]
You'll be able to
release all of that,
and know the beauty and
uniqueness that you are.
And the loving and the
integrating on a soul
level yourself.
You are the best parent
for that little boy
that has always felt judged.
So you go in on the inner
planes and call him forth.
You will be aware of an
age in which he first
felt abandoned by her.
As we speak, an age already
comes to mind, doesn't it?
Begin there.
Speak with him.
Parent him.
The higher, whole
self that you are now,
the adult that you are now
can nurture him, support him,
let him know he has a voice,
and you will take care of him.
And he can play.
And he can yell, and
scream, and jump around,
and do all of the
things that were
inappropriate in your home.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you very much.
>>THEO: This is freeing.
>>AUDIENCE: Yes, indeed.
>>THEO: And this is a part
that has only begun here,
energetically.
Stay with this for the hours
and the days that it needs.
>>AUDIENCE: There
are times where
I feel I have completed
what you're talking about,
and that I've done the work.
And then, it's a new wave, or a
new level, seems to take over.
And I've thought, you're
done with this, already.
>>THEO: Different
lineages, you see.
Because of the literal set, at
a very young age, about who you
are for survival's sake.
But as you matured, there
were different levels
of situations,
circumstances that occurred,
that reaffirmed that belief.
Or your mother
reaffirmed it for you.
So what you're doing,
like a string of pearls,
discovering at each age,
and reframing, re-parenting,
and soothing those
parts of self.
>>AUDIENCE: That makes sense.
>>THEO: The two-year old, the
five-year old, the 12-year old,
the 16-year-old,
all of the lineage.
So what you're doing is
adjusting and calling them
all home.
So that is why you're
seeing them showing up
at different times.
It's all the same one.
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
Freeing.
>>THEO: Another question?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
Do we have time?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm good.
Thank you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I think,
Theo, if you choose
to identify someone
else, we have
a short window of about-- in
our Earth time-- about five
minutes here.
If you want to look around and
choose someone to speak with,
this will be our last question.
>>THEO: We hear
all your questions.
But this one-- is
a bit resistance.
[LAUGHTER]
It's good that you
haven't thought about it.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
So you have something
to tell me, then?
>>THEO: You're moving in
quite a strong direction now.
I didn't go over
the past, but you're
afraid to step in to the new.
>>AUDIENCE: It's scary.
>>THEO: Of course it is.
We can see it in
your countenance.
[LAUGHTER]
What if I change this?
What if this doesn't
work, over here?
Make the decision.
In the decision the
universal energies
align with it to make it so.
Do not negate that it cannot be.
You have the power to do it.
You have the knowledge.
You have the wisdom within you.
You have the strength.
And you're ready.
You're ready now.
Don't be afraid.
Easier said than done.
But address who, inside
of you, is afraid.
It's not the adult,
accomplished self that you are.
You're very
accomplished and bright.
You have much knowledge.
It is a little aspect
inside of you that says,
I can't do this alone.
>>AUDIENCE: I feel like I've
been working with that aspect,
and I make some progress.
And then I don't.
And then I step backward.
And I'm stuck again.
>>THEO: Keep talking to them.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: Say, I will
do the hard stuff.
We're doing it together.
We're going forward into
this new life together.
You're not going to have
to handle this by yourself.
I'm in.
I have the knowledge.
I have the wisdom.
I'm helping you.
I love you.
You're letting go
of a great past.
Just like the other
we just spoke to.
>>AUDIENCE: Right.
>>THEO: And breathe through it.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: And you're
feeling the acceleration
of it moving very quickly.
And you're wanting to stop
and put the brakes on,
because it's coming.
>>AUDIENCE: It is.
>>THEO: So daily, be in the
moment-to-moment experience,
not in the future.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: Because when you
get into the fear state,
it's when you're in the future.
You don't have to
resolve the future.
Just it's the steps of the
now that are important.
And it's all
unfolding perfectly,
and you will be quite pleased
with what is occurring.
>>AUDIENCE: I already am.
>>THEO: There you have it.
Stay in that pleasure.
For if you're too
far into the past,
you're in recrimination
of the-- and the what
ifs-- of the history of the
past to dictate the now.
That's done.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
>>THEO: That is only feedback
from your life experience,
that you choose the strength
to move forward now,
not encumbering you.
You see?
Breathe into it daily.
Breathe and envision yourself.
Call your future self forward.
Become her.
She's accomplished it.
You're already there,
you're living it.
Bring her in to calm that fear.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
It's all exciting.
Thank you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Some
final thoughts for us, Theo?
>>THEO: This is the
grand change of time.
This energy that is
swirling about all of you
is heightened vibration change.
The old patterns do not work.
The new are formed.
The old paradigms are not.
The new has been formed.
They're dissolving, as we speak.
So you may feel that you are
on a slippery slope, at times.
Put on your slippery
shoes and ride it out.
[LAUGHTER]
For it will be quite
the ride, and enjoyable.
It is time for it,
and you have chosen.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>THEO: You are complete
with your asking?
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: We are.
>>REGINA: Thank you
very much, Theo.
>>THEO: We assist your
path that is the asking.
And it is given.
It is continuous.
God's love unto you.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE:
And you, Theo.
>>THEO: Good day.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Good day.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: So Sheila will be
back with us in just a moment,
and-- hello.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: There she is.
>>REGINA: And so how are
you doing with all this?
Was it good?
Was it good for you?
[LAUGHTER]
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Yeah, it was.
It takes me a minute to kind of
get in the spot, and get clear.
>>REGINA: And one thing
you notice is that--
and I'm sure, if
everyone was called on,
we'd all have that
kind of pain trapped,
from the old patterns
that are dissolving.
Particularly with, I think,
DNA genetic family, often.
More so than our soul families
that we've kept together.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: That's
where the highest learning is.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Any final
thoughts from you, Marcus?
We just have a
minute or so left.
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Well,
thank you all, obviously,
for your vulnerability and
for being here with us.
And I told Sheila
this yesterday.
I learn so much
every time I sit here
with Theo and with our
group that gathers.
And it's just remarkable.
It's a real gift.
>>REGINA: It is.
And I think the
questions that were asked
are applicable to virtually
everybody watching
this right now.
So--
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Wonderful.
Well, we're all in this
together, aren't we?
>>REGINA: We are.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
We're all doing it.
I'm doing it.
We all are doing it.
>>REGINA: And someone brought
everybody here together today.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: Well, I tend
to believe Theo brought us.
>>REGINA: A little
help from my friends.
I think so.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
They told me years ago
that-- you know, it's
like you throw a party,
you don't know who's
going to show up.
Or you hope people will show up.
And I was real nervous
about an event.
And they said, take no
thought for who is coming.
For we are directing them.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: So then
I went, oh, thank goodness.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: It's off
your shoulders, mine,
and everybody else's here, OK?
There was no choice.
On that note, we're going to be
picking up in a little while,
and we're going to
do another show.
And this one is going to be
on soul integration, which--
>>MARCUS GILLETTE: Theo
started to get into.
>>REGINA: She started.
Yeah.
I heard just a little bit of it.
And it's interesting,
because all these questions
asked are all pieces
of that larger process.
>>SHEILA GILLETTE: It is.
>>REGINA: So until
next time, thank you
for joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]